Table of Contents
Terminology	5
AWS Secrets Manager	5
CloudFront	6
Edge Location	6
Origin	6
Distribution	6
Signed URLS	6
Signed Cookie	6
IAM	7
KMS	7
Customer Managed Keys	7
AWS Managed CMK	7
AWS Owned CMK	8
S3	8
S3-Standard	8
S3-IA	8
S3-IA One Zone	8
S3 Intelligent Tiering	9
S3 Glacier	9
S3 Glacier Deep Archive	9
S3 Select	9
S3 Lock Modes	10
Object Lock	10
2 Modes	10
Governance Mode	10
Compliance Mode	10
S3 Glacier Vault Lock	10
S3 Sharing	10
S3 Transfer Acceleration	10
PrivateLink	11
VPC	11
DHCP Options	11
Elastic IP Address	11
Elastic Network Interfaces	11
VPC Gateway Endpoints	11
VPC Peering	11
AWS Organization	12
AWS DataSync	12
EFS	12
FSx	12
Cognito	13
Event Processing Pattern	13
Snowball	13
Snowball Edge	13
SnowMobile	13
Storage Gateway	14
Types	14
File Gateway	14
Volume Gateway	14
Tape Gateway (VTL)	14
Athena	14
Macie	14
Lambda	14
ECS	15
Fargate	15
EKS	16
ECR	16
SAM	16
EC2	16
EC2 Types	18
On-Demand	18
Reserved	18
Spot Instances	19
Dedicated Hosts	19
Security Groups	19
NACLs	19
NAT	20
Elastic Block Store - EBS	20
Gateways (VPG and CGW)	20
VPN Configuration Options	20
Snapshot	20
EBS Types	21
Migrate	21
AMI Types	22
EBS	22
ENIS vs ENA vs EFA	22
Encrypted Root Device	23
Spot Fleet	23
Hibernate	23
CloudWatch	23
CloudTrail	24
API Gateway	24
Kinesis	24
Kinesis Stream	24
Kinesis Firehose	24
Kinesis Analytics	24
Elastic Transcoder	25
SQS	25
SNS	25
SWF	25
Workflow Starter	26
Deciders	26
Activity Workers	26
AWS Command Line	26
IAM Roles	26
Bootstrap Scripts	26
Instance Metadata	26
Aurora	26
Aurora Serverless	27
RDS	27
DynamoDB	27
DynamoDB Accelerator - DAX	27
Transactions	27
On-Demand Capacity	28
Backup and Restore	28
Streams	28
Global Tables	28
Data Migration Service - DMS	28
RedShift	29
Massive Parallel Processing - MPP	29
Backups	29
Availability	29
Elasticache	29
EMR	30
Node Type	30
Master Node	30
Core Node	30
Task Node	30
ELB	30
Application Load Balancer	31
Network Load Balancer	31
Classic Load Balancer	31
Advanced Load Balancer Theory	31
Sticky Sessions	31
Cross Zone Load Balancing	32
Path Pattern	32
Autoscaling	32
Groups	32
Configuration Templates	32
Scaling Options	32









AWS Secrets Manager
The service enables you to easily rotate, manage, and retrieve database credentials, API keys, and other secrets throughout their lifecycle

AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store
Parameter Store, a capability of AWS Systems Manager, provides secure, hierarchical storage for configuration data management and secrets management. You can store data such as passwords, database strings, Amazon Machine Image (AMI) IDs, and license codes as parameter values. You can store values as plain text or encrypted data. You can reference Systems Manager parameters in your scripts, commands, SSM documents, and configuration and automation workflows by using the unique name that you specified when you created the parameter.
CloudFront
Amazon CloudFront is a fast content delivery network (CDN) service that securely delivers data, videos, applications, and APIs to customers globally with low latency, high transfer speeds, all within a developer-friendly environment.

Edge Location
Where content is cached. 
Not just READ only, you can write to them. ie. put an object on them.
Use Edge Location to the nearest AZ to deliver content in low latency.
You can clear cached objects, but you will be charged.
Origin
Origin of the files that the CDN will distribute. Can be EC2, S3, ELB or Route53
Origin Access Identity
Prevent direct access to files in S3.
Distribution 
This is the name given the CDN which consists of a collection of Edge Locations.
Objects are cached for the life of the TTL (Time To Live)
Two type of use
Web Distribution - Typically used for websites.	
RTMP - Used for media streaming.

Signed URLS
Use this when you want to secure content so that only authorized people you authorize are able to access it.
If origin is EC2, use CloudFront
When creating we attached a policy.
1 FILE = 1 URL
Can have different origins. Does not have to be EC2
key-pair is account wide and managed by the root user
Can utilize caching features
Can filter by date, path, IP address, expiration etc.
Issues a request as the IAM User who creates the presigned URL
Limited lifetime
You want to use an RTMP distribution
You want to restrict access to individual files.
Signed Cookie 
1 Cookie = Multiple files
Provide access to multiple files.
You don't want to change your current URLs.

IAM
Is universal 
New user has no permissions when first created
Access 
	Console Access
	Programmatic Access - Access Key and Private ID

KMS
Key Management Systems

AWS KMS supports two kinds of keys: master keys and data keys. Master keys can be used to directly encrypt and decrypt up to 4 kilobytes of data and can also be used to protect data keys. The data keys are then used to encrypt the customer data and the master keys are used to decrypt the customer data.

Regional secure key management and encryption and decryption
Manages customer master keys (CMKs)
Ideal for S3 objects database passwords and API keys stored in Systems Manager Parameter Store
Encrypt and Decrypt data up to 4KB
Integrated with most AWS services.
Pay per API call.
Audit capability using Cloudtrail - logs delivered to S3 
FIPS-140-2 Level 2
FIPS-140-2 Level 3 is CloudHSM



Types of CMK
Customer Managed Keys
Allows key rotation, controlled via key policies and can be enabled/disabled.
AWS Managed CMK
Free
Used by default if you pick encryption in most AWS services. Only that service can use them directly.
AWS Owned CMK
Used by CMK on a shared basis across many accounts, you typically won't see these.


S3
Simple Storage Service
Object Based
File from 0 up to 5TB
Universal namespace - Globally accessible but regional
Unlimited Storage
Stored in Buckets
User versioning
Versioning cannot be disabled, only suspended
if delete object with versioning it only marked as delete
has MFA for delete 
integrates with lifecycle policy/rules
Used prefix unlike usual folder hierarchy
Used encryption AES-256
Use notifications such as email.
Object level storage
Object level logging
Bucket name must be globally unique
Use cloudwatch
Add account for access
Provide key for access
Host static websites
Replicate in other region
Maintenance to automatically delete old objects
Add policy
Upto 10 tags

S3-Standard
S3-IA
less availability, less cost
S3-IA One Zone
Reduced availability into one zone.
S3 Intelligent Tiering
Automatic archive
S3 Glacier
from minutes to hours retrieval.
Cold storage, less frequently used.
Access methods
Expedited 3-5mins
Standard 3-5hours 
Bulk 5-12hours
AES-256
Can be integrated with S3 via lifecycle rules
Storage Gateway can connect to Glacier
Upto 5% retrieval no cost
Vault locks 
Archive data storage
1000 Vaults/Account 
Empty vaults can be deleted
Supports multipart

S3 Glacier Deep Archive 
12 hours retrieval

- Encryption
	SSL/TLS - Encryption in transit 
	Managed Keys - SSE-S3
	Key Management Service - SSE-KMS 
	Service Side Encryption with customer provided keys SSE-C 
	Client Side Encryption - You encrypt the file and then upload to S3

- Use Multipart uploads to increase performance recommended > 100MB
- 2 prefix can reach 11000/sec
- can't request quota increase for KMS
- Use byte-range fetches to increase performance when downloading files  

S3 Select
	enable applications to retrieve only a subset of data from an object by
	using simple SQL expressions. 400% improvement.
S3 Lock Modes 
	Object Lock 
- Store objects using Write Once Read Many (WORM) 
	
2 Modes
Governance Mode 
- Can't delete or overwrite an object version or alter its lock settings, only retention settings.
Compliance Mode
- a protected object version cant be overwritten or deleted by a user including the root user for a duration of a retention period.

	Retention Period
		- Protect an object for a period of time
	Legal Holds
		- a legal hold prevents an object version from being overwritten or deleted.

S3 Glacier Vault Lock
	Easily deploy and enforce compliance controls for individual s3 Glacier vaults with a vault lock policy. You can specify policy such as WORM. Once locked the policy can no longer change.

S3 Sharing
	3 Ways to share
		Bucker Policy and IAM
		Bucket ACL and IAM
		Cross-account IAM Roles, Programmatic and Console access.
S3 Transfer Acceleration 
	Speed up transfer and utilize cloudfront edge networks. Reduces the variability in Internet routing, congestion and speeds that can affect transfers, and logically shortens the distance to S3 for remote applications.


PrivateLink
Provides secure connection for services, vpc and applications in AWS. Endpoints are created within VPC.

VPC
One in each region
AWS Recommend not to delete default VPC
Direct Connect - Can provide VPN

DHCP Options
Elastic IP Address
Public IP address assigned to EC2
Can be moved between instances in the same region
Elastic Network Interfaces
Virtual network card or adapter attached to an AWS EC2 instance 
Multiple ENIs connected to a single instances allows Dual-homing
Each ENI is associated with a subnet within the VPC just as a physical 
Network interface would be associated with a subnet on a local network.
VPC Gateway Endpoints
Connects VPC to AWS Services
Can enforce policies on different endpoints
Services are specified based on region and service name
More like proxies to services.
2 Types
Interface Endpoints 
Utilize ENI with a private IP address.
Powered by PrivateLink

Gateway Endpoints
Target for a specific route in route table
Used by S3 and DynamoDB


VPC Peering
Connects VPC to another
Owner role required
IP CIDR must not overlap
Each VPC needs a defined route to the other VPC
may require routing table modification
Security Group rules may require modification for the VPC peers

AWS Organization
Under Management & Governance
Share buckets across accounts
Bucket Policies and IAM (applies across the entire bucket) - Programmatic only.
Using bucket ACL and IAM (individual objects) - Programmatic only
Cross-Account IAM Roles - Programmatic and Console Access

Consolidated billing advantage.
One bill per aws account
Easy to track charges and allocate costs
Volume pricing discount

AWS DataSync
Sync file copy from and to AWS 
Use to move large amount of data
Use NFS and SMB compatible file systems 
Replication can be done hourly daily weekly
Install the DataSync agent to start the replication
Can be used to replicate EFS to EFS

EFS
Shared File Storage
Hierarchical
Can be accessed through NFSv4
Free to be accessed by instances
Not supported on Windows instances
EC2 can't access EFS Shares.
Scalable, high-available POSIX compliant shared file system.
Multiple instances can access.

FSx
 Simple and Fully-managed third-party file system such as windows.
Automatically does the preparation of work, including building the server and joining AD
Windows and Lustre (high performance file system)
Implements SMB
Cost optimized
Native Compatibility
AWS Integrations
Can be deployed in one or more AZ
Can be self-managed or managed by AWS
Cognito
User pool is user based. It handles things like user registration, authentication, and account recovery.
Identity pool authorizes access to your AWS resources.
Federations allows users to authenticate with a Web Identity Provider (Google, Facebook, Amazon)
The user authenticates first with the Web ID Provider and receives an authentication token, which is exchanged for temporary AWS credentials allowing them to assume an IAM role.
Identity Broker which handles interaction between your applications and the Web ID provider (you don't need to write your code to do this.)


Event Processing Pattern
Event-Driven Architecture
Dead-Letter queue
Fanout Pattern
S3 Event Notifications

Snowball
50TB and 80TB
Snowball Edge
100TB data transfer device with onboard compute and storage (mini aws)
SnowMobile
Exabyte-scale data transfer service used to move extremely large amount of data 
You can transfer upto 100PB per snowmobile, a 45-foot long ruggedized shipping container, pulled by a semi-trailer truck. 





Storage Gateway
A storage as if using a local file system connected to S3 bucket via VPN. Connects on-premises software appliances with cloud-based storage.

Types
File Gateway
( NFS & SMB )
Files are stored ad objects in your s3.
Access to object storage or S3
File system mounted to S3.
Volume Gateway
Stored Volumes 1 - 16TB
Use periodic point-in-time backups

Cached Volumes 1 - 32TB
Store data in aws
Small portion of frequently accessed data in the cache on-premises.
Access to EBS
Tape Gateway (VTL)
access to Amazon Glacier (can be public or within vpc).
 library of backup tapes that are actually stored in s3 buckets


Athena
Query s3 using standard SQL
Macie
Security service using machine learning to protect PII.
Can analyze Cloudtrail logs for suspicious API activity.
Includes dashboard reports and alerting.
Great for PCI-DSS compliance and preventing ID theft

Lambda
Scales out (not up) automatically
Independent, 1 event = 1 function
Serverless
Know what services is serverless
Can trigger another lambda functions, 1 event can = x functions if functions trigger other functions.
Can do things globally.
Know your triggers. I.e. RDS cannot trigger lambda 
AWS X-Ray debug lambda.


Lambda Edge
Lambda@Edge is a feature of Amazon CloudFront that lets you run code closer to users of your application, which improves performance and reduces latency. With Lambda@Edge, you don't have to provision or manage infrastructure in multiple locations around the world. You pay only for the compute time you consume - there is no charge when your code is not running.

With Lambda@Edge, you can enrich your web applications by making them globally distributed and improving their performance — all with zero server administration. Lambda@Edge runs your code in response to events generated by the Amazon CloudFront content delivery network (CDN). Just upload your code to AWS Lambda, which takes care of everything required to run and scale your code with high availability at an AWS location closest to your end user.



ECS
Managed Container Orchestration Service.
Create clusters to manage fleet of container deployments.
ECS manages EC2 or Fargate instances.
Schedules containers for optimal placement.
Defines rules for CPU and memory requirements.
Monitor resources utilization.
Deploy update, rollback
Free for real.
Integration with CloudTrail and CloudWatch.
Cluster a logical collection of ECS resources either ECS EC2 instances or Fargate instances.
Task Definition defines your application. Similar to Dockerfile but for running containers in ECS. Can contain multiple containers.
Container Definition inside a task definition, it defines the individual containers and tasks users. Controls CPU and memory allocation and port mappings.
Task single running copy of any containers defined by a task definition. One working copy of an application. 
Service Allows task definition to be scaled by adding tasks. Defines minimum and maximum values.
Registry Storage for container images.



Fargate
Serverless container engine.
Eliminates need to provision and manage servers.
Specify and pay for resources per application.
Works with both ECS and EKS.
Each workload runs in its own kernel.
Isolation and Security. 


EKS
Elastic Kubernetes Service.
Open source software that lets you deploy and manage containerized applications at scale.
Same toolset on-premises and in cloud.
Containers are grouped in pods.
Like ECS, supports both EC2 and Fargate 
Why use EKS ?
Already using k8s
Want to migrate to AWS. 

ECR
Managed Container Registry
Store, manage and deploy images. 
Integrated with ECS and EKS.
Works with on-premises deployments 
Highly available. 
Integrated with IAM.


SAM
CloudFormation extension optimized for serverless application.
New Types; functions, API, tables
Supports anything CloudFormations supports.
Run serverless applications locally.


EC2
Good for unpredictable usage.
Termination Protection is off by default.
You can now encrypt the root device.
EC2 - Virtual Machine in Cloud
Select AMI
Select Network and Security Groups
Select Instance Types
Select AZ
Attached Volume
Review and Start Instance
PAYG - Pay as you Go
Integrates with Storage, Networking
Can run 2003 R2 - 2016 machines
Benefits
Time to market
Scalability
Reliability
Security
Control
Services Integration

General Purpose T2, M3-M5
Provides a balance of memory and network resources
T2 Provides burst performance
Credits accrue during idle times
Credits used to burst performance
M class no burs option and good for staging, dev
Compute Optimized
C3-C5 useful for CPU intensive applications
media coding
intensive batch jobs 
many concurrent users 
gaming servers 
anything compute intensive
Memory Optimize
X1, X1, R4, R3
useful for high memory requirements
processing large data sets 
In-memory databases
Big data processing
Storage Optimized
H1, I3, D2
useful for high sequential read/writes to local storage
relational databases
data warehousing
image storage and processing
Advance Computing
P3, P2, G3, F1
useful for specialty hardware compute requirements 
GPU
FGPA

EC2 Pricing
- On-Demand 
based on usage in a monthly basis
Billed in 60 seconds
Reserved
Calculate how much is needed.
Reserved usage minimum 1 year
Categories
All upfront
Partial 
No-upfront
All-upfront in 3 years is cheaper
Spot
Bid on unused compute time
Upto a 90% discount over on-demand



EC2 Types
On-Demand
Per Hour
No Commitment
Low cost and Flexible
Unpredictable workloads
Reserved
1-3years
Predictable usage
Types
Standard - 75% off
Convertible - 54% off
Scheduled RI

Spot Instances
Can save upto 90% of the cost of on-demand instances.
Useful for any type of computing where you don't need persistent storage..
You can block spot instances from terminating by using Spot Block.
Can launch spot instances if max price exceeds spot price.
Takes advantage of unused instances in the cloud. 
Available upto 90% discount compared to on-demand prices.
You can use spot instances for various stateless, fault-tolerant, or flexible applications, such as bit data, containerized workloads, CI/CD, web servers, high-performance computing(HPS) and other test and dev workloads. To use you must first decide on your max spot price. 
Spot block - stop your spot instances from being terminated.
Not good for databases Critical workloads.
Enable you to bid whatever price you want

Dedicated Hosts
Physical EC2
Regulatory requirements not support multi-tenant
Licensing requirement
Can be purchased on-demand
Security Groups
Native Firewall of AWS instance
Change takes effect immediately
Outbound allow all traffic
Stateful - Outbound rule automatically allowed
Stateless - When you create inbound you have to create outbound rules also.
Upto 8 SG for each instance.
All inbound is blocked by default
All Outbound is allowed by default.
Can have multiple instances for each security group
You cannot block specific IP addresses, you do this using Network Access Control List (NACLs).
Can allow rules, but not deny rules.
Egress - Outbound traffic
Ingress - Inbound traffic
Deny rule is implicit
Stateful processing is used.
Applied at instance level not subnet level.
Virtual firewall

NACLs
Applied on subnets 
Stateless processing
Supports both allow and deny rules
Rule number defines precedence.

NAT
Translate between 
Private
public IP
NAT can be implemented using Instancs or NAT Gateway.

Elastic Block Store - EBS
Provides persistent block storage volumes
Able to create encrypted volume upon creation of instance.
EBS are like hard disk
Gateways (VPG and CGW)
VPG - Connect local networks to VPC
		- Is VPN Concentrator
	CGW - Physical device or software application
		- Anchor on the customer side
		- Connects to the VPG

	AWS Hardware VPN
	AWS Direct Connect
	VPN CloudHub
	Software VPN (ex. L2TP, IPSec)


VPN Configuration Options
Split-tunnel gives flexibility for routing traffic across the virtual private network (vpn), specifically for traffic going directly out to the internet.
AWS has now enabled certificates for authentication to the VPN.
Direct connect bypasses traditional internet Service provider(ISP)
Internet connection and connects straight into AWS
Snapshot
Snapshots exist on S3
Point-in-time copies of volume
Are incremental - means that only the blocks that have changed since your last snapshot are moved to s3
You can create an AMI from a snapshot.
To create a snapshot for EBS that serves as root devices, you should stop the instance before taking the snapshot.
You can take a snap while the instance is running.
You can change EBS volume size on the fly including storage type.
Volumes will always be in the same AZ as the EC2

EBS Types

Blocked-level storage for EC2
		Magnetic
		Solid-State Drive (SSD)
			- General Purpose (100-3000 IOPS)
			- Provisioned IOPS (PIOPS) >= 10,000 IOPS
			- Should use EBS-optimized Instance types 
	Protecting Data
		Snapshots
		Volume Recovery - Attaching volume from one instance to another
		Encryption methods
	Dedicated to Instances

General Purpose
Most Workloads
Provisioned IOPS
Database
Throughput Optimized


Cold HDD
File Servers
EBS Magnetic




Migrate
To migrate an ec2 volume from one AZ to another, take a snapshot of it, create an AMI from the snapshot and then use the AMI to launch the EC2 instance in a new AZ.
To move an EC2 volume from one region to another, take a snapshot of it, create an AMI from the snapshot and then copy the AMI from one region to the other. Then use the copied AMI to launch the new EC2 instance in the new region.

AMI Types
Can select by Region, OS, Arch, Launch permissions Storage of the Root Device
Instance Store / Ephemeral Storage
Cannot be stopped. If the host fails you will lose data.
You can reboot both, you will not lose data.
By default, both ROOT volumes will be deleted on termination. However, with EBS volumes, you can tell AWS to keep the root device volume.
The root for device for an instance launched from the AMI is an instance store volume created from a template stored in Amazon S3.
Restrict most of the instances.
EBS
The root device for an instance launched from the AMI is an Amazon EBS volume created from an Amazon EBS snapshot.
EBS Backed instances can be stopped. You will not lose data.

ENIS vs ENA vs EFA
	ENI - Elastic Network Interface - essentially a virtual network card.
		Primary IPV4
		For basic networking.
		Use to create management network
		Create a low budget high availability solution.
	EN - Enhance Networking
Use single root I/O virtualization (SR-IOV) to provide high-performance networking capabilities on supported instance types.
10Gbps and 100Gbps
Higher bandwidth higher Packers per Second (PPS)
	EFA - Elastic Fabric Adapter
A network device that you can attach to your Amazon EC2 instance to accelerate High Performance Computing(HPC) and Machine learning apps.
Consistent latency and higher throughput than TCP 
For linux only.
OS by-pass.

Encrypted Root Device
Snapshots of encrypted volumes are encrypted automatically.
Volumes restored from encrypted snapshots are encrypted automatically.
You can share snapshots, but only if they are unencrypted.
These snapshots can be shared with other AWS accounts or made public.
You can now encrypt root device volumes upon creation of the EC2 instance.
			
HOW TO ENCRYPT Volume
Create a snapshot of volume.
Copy and click Encrypt this Snapshot
Create AMI 
Launch instance
Spot Fleet
Attempts to launch the number of Spot instances and on-demand instances
Collection of Spot Instances, Optionally, On-demand Instances.
Strategies
Capacity Optimized
Diversified
Lowest Price
InstancePoolsToUseCound
Hibernate
Good for servers which take a lot to start.
Preserves the in-memory RAM on persistent Storages (EBS)
Much faster to boot up because you do not need to reload the Operating System
Instance RAM must be less than 150GB
instance families include C3-5, M3-5, R3-5
Available for windows, Amazon Linux 2 AMI, and Ubuntu
Instances cant be hibernated for more than 60days
Available for on-demand instances and Reserved Instances

CloudWatch
Monitor Performance of your AWS resources as well as the applications.
Can monitor most resources.
Monitor every 5 minutes  by default.
You can have a 1 min interval by turning on detailed monitoring.
You can create cloudwatch alarms which trigger notifications.
You can create dashboard
	Alarms - Allows you to set alarms that notify you when particular thresholds are hit.
	Events - Helps you to respond to state changes in your AWS resources.
	Logs - Helps you to aggregate, monitor, and store logs.
CloudTrail
Increase visibility into your user and resource activity by recording actions and API Calls.
Auditing.
Monitor performance.

API Gateway
Has caching capabilities to increase performance.
Low costs and scales automatically. 
You can throttle API Gateway to prevent attacks.
You can log results to Cloudwatch.
If you are using JS/AJAX that uses multiple domains with API Gateway, ensure that you have enabled CORS on API Gateway. 
CORS is enforced by the client browser.


Kinesis
Use for Streaming Data - generated continuously by thousands of resources, which typically send in the data records simultaneously, and in small sizes (order of kilobytes)  
Kinesis Stream
Use shards
24hours to 7 days retention period.
5 tr / sec for read 
2MB read per second
1000 records per second for writes
The total capacity of a stream is the sum of the capacities of its shards.
Kinesis Firehose
Use lambda to process data.


Kinesis Analytics
Real-time analysis


Elastic Transcoder
Media transcoder in the cloud. It converts media files from their original source format into different formats that will play on smartphones, tablets, PCs. etc.
SQS 
Simple Queue Service
Is pull based, not push based.
Messages are 256 KB in size.
Message oriented API.
You need to implement your own application-level tracking especially if your application is using multiple queues. 
Messages can be kept in the queue for 1 minute to 14 days; the default retention period is 4days.
Visibility Timeout -  amount of time that the message is invisible in the SQS queue after a reader picks up a message. If the provided job is processed before the visibility timeout expires, the message will then be deleted from the queue. Otherwise, if the job is not processed within that period of time, the message will become visible again and another reader will 	process it. This could result in the same message being delivered twice.
Visibility timeout is 12 hours.
SQS long polling is a way to retrieve the messages from your Amazon SQS queue. While the regular short polling returns immediately. Long polling does not return a response until a message arrives in the message queue, or the long poll timeout.


SNS 
Simple Notification Service
Instantaneous, push-based delivery
No polling
Simple API and easy integration
Inexpensive, pay-as-you-go model with no upfront costs.
Web-based AWS Management Console offers the simplicity of a point and click interface.

SWF
Simple Workflow Service
A web service that makes it easy to coordinate work across distributed application components. It enables applications for a range of use cases, including media processing, web application back-ends, business process workflows, and analytics pipelines, to be designed as coordination of tasks. 
Workflow executions can last up to 1 year. 
Presents task-oriented API
Ensures tasks are assigned only once and are never duplicated. 
Keeps track of all the tasks and events in an application. 
Workflow Starter
An application that can initiate a workflow. Could be your e-commerce website following the placement of an order, or a mobile app searching for bus times.
Deciders
Control the flow of activity tasks in a workflow execution. If something has finished (or failed) in a workflow. A Decider decides what to do next. 
Activity Workers
Carry out the activity tasks.
	
AWS Command Line
Interact in AWS Platform

Inspector
is an automated security assessment service that helps improve the security and compliance of applications deployed on AWS. Amazon Inspector security assessments help you check for unintended network accessibility of your Amazon EC2 instances and for vulnerabilities on those EC2 instances.

IAM Roles
Roles can be assigned to EC2 instance after it is created using both console and CLI
Roles are UNIVERSAL which means you can use them in any region.

Bootstrap Scripts
Are startup scripts run when an instance is launched or started.

Instance Metadata
Get Bootstrap Scripts - curl http://169.254.169.254/latest/user-data
Get instance metadata - curl http://169.254.169.254/latest/meta-data/[param]

Aurora
Self-healing for disk error.
Mysql and Postgre
Starts in 10GB and scales in 10GB increments TO 64TB (Storage autoscaling)
Compute resources can scale up to 32vCPUs and 244 GB memory
2 Copies of your data are contained in each availability zone, with a minimum of 3 availability zones. 6 copies of your data.
Aurora Serverless
Provides a relatively simple, cost-effective option for infrequent, intermittent, or unpredictable workloads.
RDS
Multi AZ - For Disaster Recovery
Read Replica - For Performance, 5 copies

	[RDS BACKUPS MULTI AZ AND READ-REPLICA]
		- Turn on backup to enable Read-Replica

DynamoDB
	- NOSQL database 
	- Key-Value model 
	- Stored in SSD
	- Spread across 3 data centres
	- Eventual consistent reads (Default)
		Consistency across all copies of data is usually reached within a second. 
	- Strongly Consistent Reads
		Read/Update in 1 seconds or less

DynamoDB Accelerator - DAX
Fully Managed, highly available, in-memory cache
10x performance improvement
Reduces request time from milliseconds to microseconds - even under load
No need for developers to manage caching logic.
Compatible with DynamoDB API calls

Transactions
Multiple all or nothing operations
Financial transactions
Fulfilling orders
Two underlying reads or write 
4MB of data

On-Demand Capacity
Pay per request pricing
No minimum capacity
No charge for read/write 
Pay more per request 
Backup and Restore
Backup anytime
Zero impact
Consistent within seconds and retained until deleted
Operates within same region as the source table
Restorable 5mins in the past
Streams
Time-ordered sequence of item-level changes in a table
Stored for 24 hours
Inserts, updates, and delete
Global Tables
Globally distributed applications
Based on DynamoDB streams
Multi-region redundancy for DR and HA 
No application rewrites
Replication latency under on second
To create, streams must be enabled

Data Migration Service - DMS
Encryption at rest using KMS
Direct Connect
IAM Policies and roles
Fine-grained access
Cloudwatch and Cloudtrail
VPC endpoints
RedShift
Fully managed PTB data warehouse 
OLAP Online Analytical Processing
OLTP - transactional
Can be configured in 
		Single Node
		Multi-Node
		Leader Node
Advance Compression
Columnar data stores can be compressed much more than row-based data stores because similar data is stored sequentially on disk. Employs multiple compression techniques and can often achieve significant compression relative to traditional relational data stores. 
Does Not require indexes on materialized views, and so uses less space than traditional RDBMS. 
When loading data, it automatically samples your data and selects the most appropriate compression scheme.

Redshift Spectrum
A feature of Amazon Redshift that enables you to query and analyze all of your data in Amazon S3 using the open data formats you already use, with no data loading or transformations needed.
Massive Parallel Processing - MPP
automatically distributes data and query load across all nodes. Makes it easy to add nodes to your data warehouse and enables you to maintain fast query performance as your data warehouse grows.
Backups
Enable by default with a 1 day retention period. 
Max retention period is 35 days.
Always attempts to maintain at least 3 copies of your data 
Availability
Currently only available in 1 AZ.
Can restore snapshots to new AZ in the event of an outage.
Elasticache
	-	Redis
	-	MemCache





EMR
Elastic Map Reduce
Big Data Platform for processing vast amounts of data 
Central component is Cluster or a collection of EC2 instances.
Each instance is called Node. 
Each Node has a role within the cluster, referred to as the Node Type.
Node Type
Master Node 
manages the cluster. It tracks the status of tasks and monitors the health of the cluster.
Log data is stored in the master node.
Core Node
A node with software components that run tasks and stores data in the Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS)
Multi-node clusters have at least one core node.
Task Node
Node with software components that only runs tasks and does not store data in HDFS. 
Tasks nodes are optional.
You can configure replication to s3 on a 5 mins interval for all log data from the master node.However, this can only be configured when creating the cluster for the first time.
Store logs in S3


ELB
Elastic Load Balancer

- Balance the load across web servers.	
- Instances monitored by ELB are reported as; Inservice, or OutofService
- Health checks check the instance's health by talking to it.
- Load Balances have their own DNS name. You are never given an IP address. 
- Read the ELB FAQ for Classic Load Balancers.


Types of Load Balancer
Application Load Balancer
	- Best suited for load balancing of HTTP and HTTPS traffic
	- Operate at layer 7 and are application aware. 
	- Intelligent 
	- Can create advanced request routing
	- Sending specified requests to specific web servers.
Network Load Balancer
	- Load balancing of TCP traffic where extreme performance is required.
	- Operating at the Connection level (Layer 4)
	- Capable of handling Millions of requests/sec while maintaining low latencies.
Classic Load Balancer
	- Legacy Elastic Load Balancer
	- Can load balance HTTP/HTTPS and use L7 such as XForwarded, sticky sessions.
	- Can use strict L4 load balancing for applications that rely purely on the TCP Protocol.
	- Respond with 504 Error.




Advanced Load Balancer Theory

Sticky Sessions
Classic Load Balancer routes each request independently to the registered EC2 instance with the smallest load.
Sticky sessions allow you to bind a user's session to a specific EC2 instance. 
This ensures that all requests from the user during the session are sent to the same instance.
You can enable Sticky Sessions for Application Load Balancers as well. but the traffic will be sent at the Target Group level.

Cross Zone Load Balancing
Enables you to load balance across multiple availability zones.

Path Pattern 
Allows you to direct traffic to different EC2 instances based on the URL contained in the request.
Listeners with rules. 

Autoscaling
3 Components
Groups
Logical component. Web Server group or application group or databases group etc.

Configuration Templates
Group uses a launch template or a launch configuration as a configuration template for its EC2 instances.
You can specify information such as the AMI ID, instance type, key pair, security group, and block device mapping for your instances.
Scaling Options
Provides several ways for you to scale your Auto Scaling Groups. For example, you can configure a group to scale based on the occurrence of specified conditions (dynamic scaling) or on a schedule.

1. Maintain current instance levels at all times.
	2. Scale manually.
	3. Scale based on a schedule
	4. Scale based on demand.
	5. Use predictive scaling.

AutoScaling Group
Launch Configurations
